Oh, come on! Where are all people ?!
Oh no.
I dressed officially. Not fair.
We're late!
Obviously! And they left without us! Ah these--
Stay here.
-Press up! -K-What ?!
Where are all the ho -
And-Escape from here! It's not safe for anyone!
Wait! Oh ...
Well?
- God! The angels are out! -I'm sorry.
Velder was attacked!
Oh ... well.
Wait, WHAT ?!
-Oh, God ... -Who did it ?!
And - ...
Eyes?
Jee-shi, I do not know how I could know? Haha!
What are you hiding from me?
Nothing!
-Love with lies! -I am not lying to you!
And now we are obliged to save Welder, right?
Where did you get that? "We are the only ones in the city.
But--
We are sorceresses! And you're pretty strong.
Do you want a lot ?!
OK! Super strong! Now, we have to go!
I will go to Bridge of Hopes. You go to check if there are survivors in the suburbs.
OK! See you soon.
"Fireworks"
Echo? Is there anybody?
There is nobody. They must have hidden.
Damn it!
There must be at least somebody there. I need to check!
Hia-aa !!
Eheeoh? Is there anybody?
Gad. There is nobody.
Look at you. Look who showed up.
Who's there?
Who are you? "This one who will not let you go. -Oh really? How will you stop me?
- I will not stop you because you will leave alone! -Great, friend!
-Oh, please! You can not touch me! -We will see this work!
What strength! I like you. Too bad I need to eliminate you.
Go!
There is nobody here! What am I doing here?
-You're looking for trouble, maybe. -Who said that?
Right here.
Oh, are you okay? Did the monsters attack you?
They can not attack me. I am their master. -What?
"Oh, you're so slow, Princess Jane. -How do you know--
Your father had enough of your pictures in your castle. I may have noticed a few while I was burning.
"What did you do with my father?" - Now, dear. Do not get mad.
Where is he?!
Quiet, princess. Or you will die sooner than expected.
Dying finally! Oh!
I'm not that easy to kill, huh? Haha!
Like Vesterilio!
Haha! It's just that-- Oh!
This is not a normal bat, sugar. Kill him, Angkor!
H-No!
-Who are you? And why do you destroy Welder? -You will never understand!
-Tell me! -I prefer to die!
You nasty ...
I will do EVERYTHING for my masters. Even that!
What are you doing? Who are your masters ?!
Wait!
Release my father right away, like the rest of the citizens!
I'm late, princess. They are already dead!
- No ... - It's time for you to die.
-No! -Hahaha!
I'm sick!
What about ...?
Oh ... what happened?
Oh no.